lib: fota_download, dfu_target: Support (only) explicit dual-binary FOTA paths (#6624)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for networking
------------------------
* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

  * Skipping host name check when connecting to TLS service using just IP address.
  * Bootloader FOTA download standardized to accept only full dual path names (for example "path/to/s0.bin path/to/s1.bin").

> Truncated dual path names ("path/to/s0.bin s1.bin") no longer supported.

Reviewer: Align the second line with the text in the bullet (start it on the same place as Bootloader... text). This made the doc build fail.

Author: Will do, thank you!

------------------------
* :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:
  * Skipping host name check when connecting to TLS service using just IP address.

>   * Bootloader FOTA download standardized to accept only full dual pathnames (e.g. "path/to/s0.bin path/to/s1.bin"). Truncated dual pathnames ("path/to/s0.bin s1.bin") no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Bootloader FOTA download standardized to accept only full dual path names (for example "path/to/s0.bin path/to/s1.bin").
  Truncated dual path names ("path/to/s0.bin s1.bin") no longer supported.
```
Do not use latin abbreviations.
Every sentence on its own line.

Author: Done and done!
